
## conda-requirements.txt

`conda-requirements.txt` is a required text file that describes of all of your Dash app's Python
dependencies installed with `conda`. During the deployment process, Dash Enterprise will install all of the
listed packages with `conda`. Since Dash apps use `gunicorn` as their Python Web Server Gateway Interface 
(WSGI) HTTP server, don't forget to include `gunicorn`!

We recommend including all Python packages and their version numbers inside your 
`conda-requirements.txt`.

The packages and version numbers that are currently used in your development environment
can be inspected by running `conda list` in your terminal.
This will include all of the "subdependencies" of the packages that you rely on.
For example, `dash` itself relies on 17 other packages that have their own version numbers.

If you don't include the subdependencies in your `conda-requirements.txt` file, then Dash Enterprise 
will install the latest versions of these subdependencies when you deploy your app for the first time
or restart the application. This could mean that your deployed application uses different versions
of packages than your development environment which could cause unpredictable errors.

Certain versions packages that you install on Windows may not be available on the Linux containers
that Dash Enterprise uses or vice versa. If you run into cross-operating system package issues,
we recommend using Dash Enterprise Workspaces.

Redeploying the application will not reinstall dependencies unless you have changed 
the `conda-requirements.txt` file.

This following file was generated by running `conda list --export > conda-requirements.txt` 
with an environment that used the latest packages available as of December 2020 with 
Dash Enterprise 4.0.1.

```
dash-core-components==1.13.0
dash-html-components==1.1.1
dash-table==4.11.0
dash==1.17.0
gunicorn==19.9.0
pandas==0.25.3
```

## requirements.txt

For packages not available on conda channels — notably all Dash Enterprise packages — 
list them in a `requirements.txt` file located in your app's root directory.

The `requirements.txt` file may resemble:

```
--extra-index-url=https://<dash-enterprise-server>/Docs/packages
dash-design-kit==1.5.4 
dash-enterprise-auth==0.0.4
dash-snapshots==1.3.2
dash-design-kit==1.5.4

```

Those dependencies will be installed with `pip` when the app is deployed.

---
